SEP 29: typos, minor grammar, links to references (#538)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0029.md

Although this interoperability standard aims to deal with a missing memo problem
in the first place, it can also be utilized by a wider class of Stellar-based
applications to designate additional interaction or prerequisites.

## Abstract

An account owner configures memo requirements by adding a data entry that
specifies whether a transaction memo is required when transferring funds to
the account. A payment sender ensures that a memo is attached before submitting
the transaction to the network.

## Specification

To set up memo prerequisites for an account, the owner submits a transaction
with a `MANAGE_DATA` operation that adds a data entry with the name
`config.memo_required` (in lower case following [SEP-18](ecosystem/sep-0018.md) notation) and value `1`
(a single character string "1" - ASCII code 49 or Unicode U+0031).

When a payment sender submits a transaction containing a `PAYMENT`,
`PATH_PAYMENT_STRICT_SEND`, `PATH_PAYMENT_STRICT_RECEIVE`, or `MERGE_ACCOUNT`
operation they:

- Load details about the destination account.
- Check if the destination account has the `config.memo_required` data entry set.
  If so:
   - Verify that the transaction `memo` field is set.

>    - If `memo` is not set, shows a notification and prevents the transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If `memo` is not set, show a notification and prevent the transaction
```

     from submission.
- For transactions containing more than one operation, perform the same checks
  for each operation.

## Rationale

The proposal [First-class multiplexed accounts (CAP-27)](core/cap-0027.md) is a more advanced and
comprehensive solution for the problem described above, but its adoption by the
whole ecosystem and custodial exchanges will require much more time, as well as
development efforts. Specifying memo requirements in the form of a data entry
attached to an account introduces a simple way of enforcing transaction
memo requirements without changing the underlying protocol. 

> The name of the data entry follows the namespaces format proposed in [SEP-18](ecosystem/sep-0018.md).

Reviewer: FYI you can do these references as `[CAP-27]` and `[SEP-18]` and then move the actual path/URL to the end of the document like below, so that you don't have to repeat the path/URL multiple times.

```markdown
[CAP-27]: (core/cap-0027.md)
[SEP-18]: (ecosystem/sep-0018.md)
```

Author: I knew that once
